Xiaohuan, you can't go down
Xiaohuan, you don't work well.
What are you doing on this construction site?
His family treats you well
Give you food and live for you
And let you be the door-to-door son-in-law
You have to go back to work, you have to go back
I said you can't go down, you can't go down
Xiaohuan, how can you talk like that?
He is your mother
Neither will he
Where the hell is your father's full trading desk?
Thought you should know
Tell me about blood
I can also eat a few less mouthfuls of rice for you, otherwise
Rob it with autumn water
That's not what you did to me when my dad was around
You're such a nerd!
It's because of this family heirloom in your family
That's why I married your father, that trash
Tell you all the time
When your father made it
That rope
That's my sister.
Hanqiushui, I won't let you go if I'm a ghost
Hahahahaha Ye Huan
You both live off the Han Group
Your stepmother is also very nice to you.
I'm not just introducing you to jobs.
and
He also introduced the daughter of the Han Group to
You are about to get engaged
What do you want to do?
Bah, this is too chilling
They want to be the door-to-door son-in-law
Cross the river and demolish the bridge
I know Xiaohui has been under a lot of pressure at work recently.
Bad mood
It's okay, let's go
Husband, I just thought that Xiao Huan was engaged
Let's go down and make some money
At Xiaohuan's engagement party
Buy you a decent suit
Support the scene for Xiaohua
Good dad, I can't go down
If you go down, you can't come up.
Xiaohua, you can't slap me
Hanqiushui put away your fake face
Oh, have you decided yet?
Such a good fat firewood
If you don't leave, there are people here
Brother I come I come I come I come I come ok
No, I'll go down now
put
Xiaohuan has 50,000 yuan for this set
With this 50,000 dollars, I can give you a lottery
Salute
You can also raise your head in front of the Han family
want to go down
I go down